**Privacy Policy**

By using the app "Easy Cash Flow" you are consenting to our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information set out in this privacy policy. This SERVICE is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.

**Information Collection and Use**

Account Information:

	
If you create an "Easy Cash Flow" account, we may require you to provide a username and password. Your username doesn’t have to be related to your real name.

App Data:

The data you enter into the app is stored on your device. If you create an account, your data will also be backed up in our database so that you can access it across devices.


**Service Providers**

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

*   To facilitate our Service;
*   To provide the Service on our behalf;
*   To perform Service-related services; or
*   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-12-14

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at epalmaa714@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
